readme.md, before:

# Abstract
MacGLide is a shared library for Apple Macintosh PowerPC computers that emulates 3Dfx Voodoo Graphics hardware. It makes it possible to run games originally made for 3Dfx/Glide without the hardware by translating Glide-function calls to OpenGL.

# Last hurrah
I've hard-forked (read copied) the MacGLide project from OpenGLide back in 2003 to gather some experience with open-source development. Over the years almost every 3dfx-game published for OS9 was supported. Besides the raw emulation there was additional support for custom resolutions, anti-aliasing, full framebuffer emulation including custom Altivec-code for color conversion, scene geometry enhancing, and so on, all easily accessible from OSX through the MacOS classic environment.

Finally in 2008, when I was just starting to have a very good time with the project, Apple decided to give up on the PowerPC, abandoned OS9 Classic and thereby grounded the project.

# Remains
The original web-site can be found here: http://macglide.sourceforge.net/

In-game screenshots:

![Tomb Raider 1](images/Tomb_Raider_1.jpg "Tomb Raider 1")

Tomb Raider 1


![Carmageddon](images/Carmageddon.jpg "Carmageddon")

Carmageddon


![Falcon 4.0 (with Realism Patch)](images/Falcon_4.0_with_Realism_Patch.jpg "Falcon 4.0 (with Realism Patch)")

Falcon 4.0


![Deep Space 9 - The Fallen](images/Deep_Space_9_-_The_Fallen.jpg "Deep Space 9 - The Fallen")

Deep Space 9 - The Fallen


![Myth - The Fallen Lords](images/Myth_-_The_Fallen_Lords.jpg "Myth - The Fallen Lords")

Myth - The Fallen Lords


![FutureCop LAPD](images/FutureCop_LAPD.jpg "FutureCop LAPD")

FutureCop LAPD

Commit message:

Updated last hurrah to thank all my supporters
+ added min web-site screenshot & link
+ Thank You to all supporters
+  changed Remains section layout to the better

readme.md, after:

# Abstract
MacGLide is a shared library for Apple Macintosh PowerPC computers that emulates 3Dfx Voodoo Graphics hardware. It makes it possible to run games originally made for 3Dfx/Glide without the hardware by translating Glide-function calls to OpenGL.

# Last hurrah
Back in 2003 I hard-forked (read copied) MacGLide from OpenGLide to gather experience with open-source development and 3D game programming form a unique point of view. Over the years almost every 3dfx-game published for OS9 was supported.

Besides improvements in emulation there was additional support for custom resolutions, anti-aliasing, full framebuffer emulation including hand-crafted AltiVec-code for framebuffer updates and color conversion, Triangle-Edge-Adjustment for repairing gaps between adjacent object edges, and much more, all easily accessible from OSX through the MacOS classic environment.

Finally in 2008, when I was just starting to have a very good time with the project, Apple decided to give up on the PowerPC, abandoned OS9 Classic and thereby grounded the project.

All of this wouldn't have been possible without the supporters from all over the world, who were helping me to collect missing games, obtaining hardware parts, giving hints, feedback, donations, making suggestions for improvements, and advice on algorithms.

Thank you very much!


# Remains
The original mini-web-site on SourceForge

[![http://macglide.sourceforge.net/](images/Mini-Website.png "MacGLide mini web-site")](http://macglide.sourceforge.net/)

## In-game screenshots:

Tomb Raider 1

![Tomb Raider 1](images/Tomb_Raider_1.jpg "Tomb Raider 1")


Carmageddon

![Carmageddon](images/Carmageddon.jpg "Carmageddon")



Falcon 4.0

![Falcon 4.0 (with Realism Patch)](images/Falcon_4.0_with_Realism_Patch.jpg "Falcon 4.0 (with Realism Patch)")



Deep Space 9 - The Fallen

![Deep Space 9 - The Fallen](images/Deep_Space_9_-_The_Fallen.jpg "Deep Space 9 - The Fallen")



Myth - The Fallen Lords

![Myth - The Fallen Lords](images/Myth_-_The_Fallen_Lords.jpg "Myth - The Fallen Lords")



FutureCop LAPD

![FutureCop LAPD](images/FutureCop_LAPD.jpg "FutureCop LAPD")
